Government | American Dental Association
advertisement
advertisement
Renew
SmileCon
Store
DENTPIN
Join
New Dentist News
Member Login
ADA.org
Sections
Government
Education
Practice
Science
Access To Care
Around The ADA
Categories
Digital Dentistry
Dental Materials
Diagnosis, Treatment Planning & Interdisciplinary
Endodontics
General & Comprehensive Dentistry
Implantology
Pain Management & Anesthesia
Oral Surgery
Orthodontics
Restorative Dentistry
Whitening
Search
Government
Government
House committee holds 50th ERISA anniversary hearing
Government
ADA comments on proposed Medicare payment policies for dental services in 2025
Government
Legislation needed to delay Corporate Transparency Act filing deadline
Government
DDH Compact Commission holds first meeting
Government
More states enact dental insurance legislation
Government
U.S. judge strikes down FTC ban on noncompete clauses
Government
ADA opposes NIH restructuring proposal
Government
Phase 7 Provider Relief Fund reporting deadline approaches
Government
ADA urges caution on credit reporting proposal that would exclude medical debt
Government
ADA to comment on model dental therapy bill at upcoming ALEC meeting
advertisement
Most Read
View More
Showing up as his best self
National Toxicology Program releases fluoride exposure monograph
First US standard on AI in dentistry available for comment
Dentist competing to be America's next MasterChef
Dentists ask court to certify class action in lawsuit against Delta Dental
advertisement
1
2
3
4
5
»
ADA
About
ADA Member App
Press Releases
ADA Jobs
ADA Publications
JADA
JADA Foundational Science
Practice Update
New Dentist Blog
Product Learning Centers
Advertise
Media Kit
Publication Rates
Ad Standards
Digital Advertising
Contact
Contact us
312.440.2500
Accessibility
Privacy Notice
Terms of Use
© 2023 American Dental Association
By clicking “Accept All Cookies”, or closing this banner, you agree to the storing of cookies on your device to enhance site navigation, analyze site usage, and assist in our marketing efforts.
Privacy Notice
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information
Accept All Cookies
Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Data
When you visit our website, we store cookies on your browser to collect information. The information collected might relate to you, your preferences or your device, and is mostly used to make the site work as you expect it to and to provide a more personalized web experience. However, you can choose not to allow certain types of cookies, which may impact your experience of the site and the services we are able to offer. Click on the different category headings to find out more and change our default settings according to your preference. You cannot opt-out of our First Party Strictly Necessary Cookies as they are deployed in order to ensure the proper functioning of our website (such as prompting the cookie banner and remembering your settings, to log into your account, to redirect you when you log out, etc.). For more information about the First and Third Party Cookies used please follow this link.
More information
Allow All
Manage Consent Preferences
Strictly Necessary Cookies
Always Active
These cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. They are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms.    You can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. These cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
Share Or Sale of Personal Data
Share Or Sale of Personal Data
Under the CPRA, you have the right to opt-out of the sale or sharing of your personal information to third parties. These cookies collect information for analytics and to personalize your experience with targeted ads. You may exercise your right to opt out of the sale or sharing of personal information by using this toggle switch. If you opt out we will not be able to offer you personalized ads and will not hand over your personal information to any third parties. Additionally, you may contact our legal department for further clarification about your rights as a California consumer by using this Exercise My Rights link.If you have enabled privacy controls on your browser (such as a plugin), we have to take that as a valid request to opt-out. Therefore we would not be able to track your activity through the web. This may affect our ability to personalize ads according to your preferences.
Performance Cookies
Switch Label
label
These cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. They help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site.    All information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. If you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
Targeting Cookies
Switch Label
label
These cookies may be set through our site by our advertising partners. They may be used by those companies to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant adverts on other sites.    They do not store directly personal information, but are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device. If you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
Back Button
Cookie List
Search Icon
Filter Icon
Clear
checkbox label
label
Apply
Cancel
Consent
Leg.Interest
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
checkbox label
label
Confirm My Choices
Conversation
Connecting to agent
Chat
FAQ